So many of you have been asking for a garden tour. here and while it's kinda hard
And while it's kinda hard to really show you the breadth and depth of my garden,
I'm gonna show you a few key highlights of what I call my kitchen garden.
This is the one that I use for all my different creations in the kitchen.
It's not necessarily what I always use for all my canning,
but it is one I use in everyday life and I'm so excited to share it with you.
As you know, I love gadgets and
garden gadgets - although I'm always a little skeptical, I always think they're worth a try
and the new Edyn Garden Sensor seriously is awesome.
Whether you're a beginner gardener
or you are a very experienced gardener, this tool is so great to have.
You just put it right into the soil and this tells you the nutrition of your soil,
the humidity in the air, the light your plants are getting and the moisture.
What is so great about the Edyn Garden Sensor is that it syncs right to the Edyn app on your phone
and it uploads all the information right to your phone so whenever you want,
you can just just pick up your phone and look at how your garden is doing.
I can look and see if things are getting enough water, if they're getting enough light,
too much light or even too much water.
It is so awesome to have.
What is also so cool is you can put in all the plants that you plant in your garden,
and you can track and it will tell you what is great for each one of those plants
and what's working and what isn't.
I grow an assortment of herbs.
And I really have no rhyme or reason for what I do, but I just like to try different ones
and every year I seem to add some and have my staples I always stick with.
I always grow two types of parsley - flat leaf and curly.
They have a slightly different flavor and just are used in different ways so it's great to grow both.
I of course also always grow thyme and oregano.
They are so good in homemade pizza sauces or pasta sauces
and they're just such great classic ones to grow.
And of course I love basil. Not only for homemade pesto, which is one of my favorite things,
but if you just want a fresh salad with some fresh tomatoes, there is nothing like fresh basil.
I'm using the word fresh a lot, but it's worth it because it's the garden.
And stay tuned because I'm gonna be doing a ton of videos using these herbs this summer
and especially a basil pesto because it's classic and I love it.
And I do grow different types of basil
more just for the novelty, not because it's so important
but I just love to try them out: purple basil,
Thai basil, mammoth basil, regular basil.
It's all worth a try, right?
My turnips are doing really well.
I'm picking some, but I'm also making sure to thin them out.
When you plant turnip seed, it's so small that you can't really plant it like one every inch or two,
it's just too little and I kinda just throw a whole bunch into the trough.
But then when it comes up, they're way too close together to really grow well.
So I always go through and weed out the ones that aren't doing well to give the other ones more
ample space so they grow into larger turnips.
Then when they are ready, I am able just to pull these beautiful turnips from the ground,
cut off the tops and the root and enjoy a fresh turnip.
I know some of you are thinking: seriously how old are you that you love turnips?
I'm not that old, but I just love the fresh flavors of these vegetables
and I think if you try them out, you will too.
I also love growing broccoli and
cauliflower it's one of my favorite
things you get these beautiful had the
broccoli and I know a lot of people
think
according to all that brought me a once
I eat it
you can roasted fact a it eating brash
is so delicious
in did you know it brought me once you
get that first had don't wanna plants
one time I don't know that number my mom
was like Caleb leave the plan to keep
producing little broccoli
and it does all throughout the season
just cut that one had
leave the plant annual he leaves little
rocky flats
all throughout the growing of Arctic the
little bit more work
if you don't I have your call flowering
plants in the sign in turn yellow and
better
and yes you can buy ones that are wealth
of plan she meaning the leaders just
curl up on themselves but I found it
really doesn't work that well so I
always tired all type of flower
when you see you get a small head in the
center just tying up
some good twine answered none the Sun
like get into the head
then just go in and be like every so
often when it gets to the size you want
open it up
you have a or just had a cauliflower I
also growing assortment of papers from
extra hot
mild and sleet I love to have a variety
for panin a keen interest eating brash
yourself and try different ones out 10
hottest ones like rose
ghost pepper and seriously I didn't
think I had a problem
heats but Augusta paper have made me
meet my match
it is so hot but it's fun to grow and
just throw a little bit and a certain
dishes
fresh tomatoes are CST on my favorite
thing
for wine there are so many different
ways you can do in
heirloom I want my favorite to grow my
kitchen garden they have so much
beautiful appeal
all the colors I grope purple and yellow
and deeper green
and picking indeed Reds be really are
such a joy to grow because they are so
sweet and delicious
in a bind right in your own backyard I
promise you
I promise you they taste better than
what you buy in a grocery store
once you have some this home produce
grow in you're gonna wonder how you
ever got by on that bought stuff I now
a la party year you have to get by on
the bonds up I do it to you by
if you can try the home tomatoes are
pretty easy to grow
a really just take care of themselves
that they have good water and sunlight
I do you make sure to nap of those
little suckers I don't think suckers a
technical term
but it's just what I call the little
growth that come out on top with some
believe it's
this gives the plant more chance to get
more air and sunlight all the places
and so it doesn't get near speci an
overgrown otherwise use gonna have a
mess on your hands and can't get
percy any other tomatoes me. don't
always write them properly
mom hope you're inspired to gross me
wrong things
and I hope you meanie comment telling
you what your growing and how you use it
I love to hear about it make sure to
check out
eat & Garden Center website will give
you all the information about it
and you can really read more about this
awesome guys about I have learned to
love
and you can see how you can get your own
your city morgue regarding videos make
sure to check out the series we did last
year called gardening with the grey box
lead
stew home at a different party in videos
that could either get you started
inspired to give you some tips
you like this video make sure to click
Like and if you wanna see more great
videos by degree box and make sure to
click Subscribe we would love to have
you become part
the grey box the family happy gardening
one